Do not approach the door
Please do not approach the door, please do not approach the door.
Please stand back from the train doors
Do not approach the door
Please do not approach the door, please do not approach the door.
Please stand back from the train doors
Next stop, University of Hong Kong
Next stop, the next stop of the University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong University
Next station : HKU
Do not approach the door
Please do not approach the door, please do not approach the door.
Please stand back from the train doors
Passengers please note that as the Sai Ying Pun Station has not been activated
The shuttle will only stop when it arrives at the station, and the door will open.
Passengers please note that as the Sai Ying Pun Station has not yet activated passengers, please note that since the Sai Ying Pun Station has not been activated
The shuttle will only stop when it arrives at the station. The door will not open. The shuttle will only stop when it arrives. The door will not open.
Your attention please
This train will stop brief at Sai Ying Pun
Doors will not open as this station is not yet in use
Sai Ying Pun Station has not been activated, the door will open
Sai Ying Pun Station has not been activated yet, the door will not open. The Sai Ying Pun Station has not been activated and the doors will not open.
Sai Ying Pun
Doors will not open as this station is not yet in use
Please hold the handrail
Please hold the handrail, please hold the handrail
Please holds the handrail
Next stop on the ring
The left door will open
Next stop on the ring next stop
The left door will open and the left door will open
Next station : Sheung Wan
Doors will open on the left